When panoramic photography matures, panoramic pictures will be as close to people’s lives as ordinary pictures.

For example, in the real estate industry, you used to look at maps on the Internet and look at just the corner. Now you can spend a few minutes at home and you can see a few suites. The corners are clearly visible. In the same way, ring shots can make our online shopping more intuitive and we can look at everything by turning our fingers. There are also map navigation, travel guides, etc. These have now been realized. If one day, panorama shooting is as simple as ordinary shooting, then it will also become part of life.

As for why it is not popular yet, it is analyzed from the perspective of a photographer: 1. Technical limitations: Because panorama photography imposes strict requirements on the control of node distances, the process of splicing and repairing is complicated, and photographers who do not have patience will easily give up. . A small mistake in the shooting process may also cause late failure. 2. Equipment limitations: 720 panoramic photography If you want to achieve the effect of commercialization, the equipment requirements are relatively high, such as node control PTZ, stable tripod, fisheye lens, professional camera and so on. Dedicated node-controlled pan and tilt and fisheye lenses can increase the efficiency, but not all people who want to play panoramic photography decide to buy the pan-tilt and lens. 3. Market restrictions: The market demand for panoramic photography is not much greater than that of ordinary portrait photography. Panoramic photography is relatively small for the average consumer, and the main market is still real estate, decoration, scenic spots, exhibitions and other fields. 4. The user's limitation: ordinary users do not understand the concept of 720 panorama photography (I sent the panorama to the friends around, he did not even know that can slide the screen or rotate, do not know the scene inside the link can click to switch). And for mobile users, many people worry about the problem of traffic (a scene is about 1M + background music + scene thumbnails). However, as the speed of the Internet increases, the user experience of the 720 panorama is also getting better.
